§lNewmeria Manual§r

Welcome to Newmeria!

This manual gathers everything you need to know to get your adventure off to a good start.
---
§lNew meals§r

The world of Newmeria now has new foods and new crops. Visit a farmer to buy §1rice§r, §1tomatoes§r, §1onions§r and §1chili peppers§r.

Birch trees now give you §1pears§r, just as oak trees give apples.

You can also cut your pork into §lsausages§r.

Mixing these new foods with the old ones will let you create your own meals.

There is also a new way of cooking: §1frying§r. Place a cauldron filled with §1oil§r above a heat source, then throw your raw food into the oil. That should fry it, for you to enjoy.
---
§lNew tools§r

Newmeria now lets you craft three new kinds of tools: §1spatulas§r, §1hammers§r and §1wands§r.

§1Spatulas§r can be used in combat, but they are mostly useful for cooking food faster on a campfire.

§1Hammers§r are improved pickaxes that let you dig three blocks by three.

§1Wands§r will let you cast different spells, depending on your Magic level.

You can get a new enchantment on your pickaxes and hammers: §1Smelt§r, which instantly smelts the blocks you break.
---
§lNew environments§r

Newmeria now lets you build with two new sets of blocks: §1marble§r and §1black sand§r.

§1Marble§r is fairly easy to find in the mountains or in caves.

§1Black sand§r can be collected in the new §1black deserts§r, where you can also find §1ducks§r. Legend has it that keeping a golden duck at home brings eternal happiness.
---
§lNew abilities§r

You now have a new experience bar: the §1RPG bar§r. You earn RPG points by doing various things, such as killing monsters or fishing.

When you gain an §1RPG level§r, you can raise one stat by one level in the RPG menu, opened with the §1K key§r.

The §1Strength§r, §1Resistance§r, §1Speed§r and §1Magic§r stats each give you new abilities to make you stronger and more powerful.

You can open your §1spell wheel§r with the §1M key§r.
---
§lNew commands§r

§1/sethome§r: set your home
§1/home§r: teleport to your home
§1/delhome§r: delete your home
§1/back§r: return to where you died
§1/warp <name>§r: go to a warp
---
§lHave a great Season 2§r

I hope this guide will be useful to you. Have a wonderful adventure in this Season 2 of Newmeria, and above all: have fun!

- Akkun
